[Music]
In the heavens above, the
Bodhisattva observes humanity,
seeing the suffering of sentient beings,
seeing the delusion and
suffering of sentient beings. The
Bodhisattva is not at peace, so he decides to observe the
human world
with his clairvoyant vision. The
Bodhisattva has chosen to be born
into the lineage of the Kshatriya king, the Roman Empress.
[Music] The
Empress appears, manifesting auspicious signs. An elephant,
not living, enters the Bodhisattva's side. The
Bodhisattva enters the womb. The Bodhisattva is born into the great
earth, shaking the earth. The
Bodhisattva is born into the womb. [
Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
From within the mother's womb, the Bodhisattva, in the
lotus position, emerges. Always cool, gentle, and
joyful until the time of birth. The Empress is born. On the
way back to her maternal home, she stops at the
Ashoka forest and gives birth to the Bodhisattva Siddhartha.
[Music] The
dragon spits water, the
prince's spirit is calm. The
gods sing and teach, flowers are offered, pink lotuses
lift his heels, and he takes seven steps. [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
The earth is dedicated to him when he declares, "
Above and below, I alone exist."
Buddha Shakyamuni, may you save sentient beings,
relieve the suffering of all creatures
everywhere. People everywhere rejoice and offer gifts. The
Buddha's birth brings joy to all beings. The Buddha Shakyamuni
has been born to save sentient beings, relieve the suffering of all
creatures everywhere. People everywhere rejoice and offer gifts. The
Buddha's birth brings
joy to all beings.
[music]